# Migrate-INDocumentLibrary

## SYNOPSIS
This Script will move document files from one existing document library to another existing document library within the specified SharePoint Online environment.

## SYNTAX

### Parameter Set 1
```
Migrate-INDocumentLibrary [-SharePointURL <String>] [-sourcelibrary <String>] [-targetlibrary <String>] [-count] [-verbose]
```

## DESCRIPTION
This Script will move document files from one existing document library to another existing document library within the specified SharePoint Online environment.  The environment is accessed by the full URL to the SharePoint site that holds the document libraries.

## EXAMPLES

### EXAMPLE 1
This command will move files from the document library named Super Important Files to the document library named Less Important Files
```powershell
C:\PS> Move-doclibfiles -sharepointurl https://mycompany.sharepoint.com -sourcelibrary "Super Important Files" -targetlibrary "Less Important Files"
```

If you are not connected to SharePoint online when executing this command you will be prompted to enter credentials.  In addition, all executions of this command write log files to a logs directory created within the Documents folder of the user running the script.

### EXAMPLE 2
This command counts the files to be moved, but does not actually move them
```powershell
C:\PS> Move-doclibfiles -sharepointurl https://mycompany.sharepoint.com -sourcelibrary "Super Important Files" -targetlibrary "Less Important Files" -count
```

If you are not connected to SharePoint online when executing this command you will be prompted to enter credentials.  In addition, all executions of this command write log files to a logs directory created within the Documents folder of the user running the script.

## PARAMETERS

### SharePointURL
The SharePointURL parameter specifies the URL for the SharePoint Online Site being accessed - https://yourcompany.sharepoint.com would be a valid site and https://yourcompany.sharepoint.com/testsite would be another valid site.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Parameter Set 1
Aliases: 

Required: false
Position: named
Default Value: 
Pipeline Input: false
```

### sourcelibrary
SourceLibrary is the name of the document library you wish to move items From. The path used is relative to the site you are within and trailing slashes are required - test/ would be a valid example of a document library named test.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Parameter Set 1
Aliases: 

Required: false
Position: named
Default Value: 
Pipeline Input: false
```

### targetlibrary
Targetlibrary is the name of the Document Library you are moving files in to. This is also relative to the site you are working in, and trailing slashes are required.  destination/ would be a valid value for a Document Library named destination.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Parameter Set 1
Aliases: 

Required: false
Position: named
Default Value: 
Pipeline Input: false
```

### count
The -count switch parameter allows the files in the source document library to be counted. Use this ahead of a move to ensure you know how many files you expect to be moved.

```yaml
Type: Switch
Parameter Sets: Parameter Set 1
Aliases: 

Required: false
Position: named
Default Value: 
Pipeline Input: false
```

### verbose
The Verbose Parameter is not specific to this script, but will provide output to the PowerShell console window in addition to writing the log file. If this is left off, no output will be sent to the PowerShell console.

```yaml
Type: Switch
Parameter Sets: Parameter Set 1
Aliases: 

Required: false
Position: named
Default Value: 
Pipeline Input: false
```

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

## NOTES

### SharePoint Online Only
This Script works only with SharePoint online environments and is not intended to work in SharePoint environments hosted on-premises.

## RELATED LINKS


*Generated by:  PowerShell HelpWriter 2017 v2.1.33*
